um making the call to action stroller
yep right now it looks like this yeah
which is kind of how I understood what
we were talking about yeah I think I
think this is a this is exactly what I
what we're talking about cool the only
want one more thing though it would be
it so I was thinking but now this now we
can talk about beetles which is apart
from what's gonna go in there in that
white boxes like a big question but
beyond that they get started it would be
include put your ma yes exactly if you
can put if you can do the get started
with that particular color is much
stronger than without that color I said
well I'm not saying you have to use the
color but make it make a contest so
people can gonna I go and look at the
gets that word oh so basically giving
it's giving it a macaron right yeah yeah
get some contrast so what I brought your
lastly in this issue I Niccolo a bra
it's about updating the text oh yeah
things that the thing that you are elder
you gave me it can scroll down for a
second no no in the in their website
yeah they link they gave me didn't have
secure linking this table naming
immutable content oh yeah that was yeah
that was uh yeah that's what I am this
what I was saying oh yeah yeah okay you
can like about whatever I said I figured
that out later when I saw the code haha
alright so I just change the background
for the guests total bottom yeah and
then we are done with the station right
yes cool I mean I mean with them with
iteration number one on this issue yeah
I mean we don't know what the background
is gonna be sure that in general I think
the call to action is now clear okay so
this is the IPL be this the demo may be
creating an issue on what is the depth
what is the demo that we have to put in
that but maybe there is already one at
the room right now let me get my laptop
so I can contribute instead of taking
notes why don't we just post them in the
things like you're doing that's much
better yeah so I'm gonna stop taking
notes on me all right so I add two more
things to think about the the call to
action the initial header yeah the the
code example where a what's going on my
laptop wait we'd get something very nice
games in a really weird game just give
me one second I search okay let me shut
down that I look like forced shutdown
sorry guys give me one second is I
alright so we're really not that big
definitely don't like just we're just
hanging out in nickel gone let's get mmm
so welcome no I think that upload
supporting oh that sucks I think it's
still under warranty i really hope so
buttered this fat I mean how did that
happen it as a Mac sorry this is a mac
yeah generally happens when you
have a much i don't know i mean at
masking that's like Vegas name game I
wonder what'd happen if it just fixed
now because I plans on the screen so i
guess i can just cross my
so I will put them back later sold over
dude strange 3 the strange well maybe
it's time to buy a new laptop anyway so
about to call it down yeah okay about
the good example whoa can do I think
that just code might not be enough so
it's not gonna be a gift oh it's gonna
be like a on one side that is what the
code on the other side that is like a
set of pads and when I am whenever you
put your finger on the paths it
highlights decide the subgraph they's
gonna show off so say the aid should say
that there is a say that there are 22 up
okay so there are two objects actually
has a camera so we can talk the same
language this is like pure brains for me
right now oh actually can write on the
screen so can you guys see what I'm
writing oh oh yeah I see a blue balls
blue boxes yeah I'm sorry so um they
moved sorry guys I cannot say ok so
in here you have something like this and
yet the lines when I feel the object and
in here you have another guilty object
and these links to for example this
property okay and on here we give
missing on here you have oops these are
oh oh
old paths / that something / that's
something right and whenever you put
your hand on the first one you highlight
one area when whenever you put the hand
on the second one you highlight the
second area whenever you put so that we
can show the first one for example
points to one particular attribute the
second one points21 little graph inside
here the third one points to a link
across object you see within this vision
a very nice way for people to understand
more appeal days I I was thinking about
this yesterday and I've been doing some
drawings which I'd never hear they are
on but they're more unless this because
what and the baby is that we could
either make this import give become we
can make this into something there is a
little bit interactive on the homepage
these people should be able to
understand that I pld is a data model
where you can describe and on a
semi-structured data like adjacent and
then come on Judaism you can link to
another chaser and then your pad scheme
that can point to the reason itself and
across Jason does that make sense yeah
um maybe this is something you could
like a spell on yeah yeah I'm well I'm
gonna mention this is that I literally
throw that yesterday night because I'm
please if u infinity structures how you
will see how it's working that will be
used to go sorry if you have some quick
sketches yeah I what's he did right now
yeah yeah can you you because are gonna
have my laptop with me because the same
work right now do you mind creating an
issue saying interactive I pld I can
erase worried or oh thank you
[Music]
all right all right yep so now we have a
new issue interactive example so just
add sketches on the description well how
you see down work and then we can see we
can implement up yep cool um so that is
about 18 I think yep this should
probably be better thank you but for
right the next tip should we have is
come up with the four greatest features
of I clearly we did night I did change
the name of the secure links distributor
names beautiful contents but we also
discussed the points that we wanted to
add in by pointing to where the data is
or 2.2 what data you move Oh as a foot
point yeah I try to kind of like others
but um no no native English speaker I'm
some difficulties so if you guys want to
just you want to assign it to me yeah I
did it sure and then I just applied out
and then we're done with this decision
yo yep for any date if you could just
assign it to me I'll get them at some
point either tomorrow or LA tomorrow on
Monday or yeah but maybe it's better for
me to move forward what is this book
point what's what
what is the fourth point pointing
straight up pointing to things right
really didn't come on it's not easy
another it's not a lot of feature it's
about time trusting the one in the
distributed names okay right okay we
discussed that we'd like a echo that we
wanted to add a effort point beyond
secure links it is to be the names and
readable content no so so this is so
much adjusting video content of the
disappearin aims for success do it again
issue number 20 more define delightful
design for learning and getting started
page so I had some quick discussions
with freedom I think you know get
efficient I am still gonna try to get a
set of icons for the for the White
pipefish so still waiting for him or
Emily to get back so he's waiting
interactive code example is why we just
cratered improving the lead for IPL d oh
cool yeah so this is about this little
tagline here yeah cool okay I'm gonna
put my stone and what what we have to do
we just have to discuss I think yeah
review discuss it synchronously is best
because good yeah I audiences issue
before I just I just made it yeah just
so just in time but thank you for like
raising this drawing was to this good
cool the fine which languages we want to
list done this is just waiting for the
issue that we can link to and then I can
implement us think it's already there uh
so there is a issue no but we need to
add the actual text to the read me a
story oh good
assign that to me so I shall make a new
issue yeah you know I just just type
Richard add this little baby i'ma go
wait wait what we should okay yeah so
this needs to be done I just I want you
does this look good Niccolo and Victor
after me yeah that's what I was asking
so I'm asking for feedback here no
that's that's actually there this in
English on purpose yeah English has 2
o's and coordinate and sometimes you can
use an umlaut in English say that's a
difference new syllable it's pretty rare
it's used by the new york times magazine
all right be Knights yeah so it's
coordinate it needs two O's sorry it's a
really weird you won't see it like ever
sorry um lives that look good yeah
I'm fitting them 10 to finish to read
okay okay I mean this is the process I
think we need to write all of this one
on the main page no so on the main page
in the readme yeah Mike you'll be able t
I'll just say hey cool you want a red
inflation that's awesome here's where
you open the issue yeah yeah that's cool
sweet so I'll just do that so just
that's good um so once we have dots are
the the question mark and then link it
sounds good I'm going with this OOP fix
ssl certs this is right OS you see the
IPF sio one because we set up the
infrastructure support so we have the
structure before we can chose this um
next one content in the guest on a page
I yes let's check this is about the
content in the tutorial yeah so I
already opened up another issue for the
leads you just remove plus X it's done
I think yeah I will remove this is
romantic so we need to have the actual
content for the tutorial give me one
second sorry yeah no worries check it
out Mac a video issue which is 21 ok ok
so I was meant to start doing something
last week by Ian Apple it's gonna be
this weekend yeah so okay yeah so
Richard you know Richard Pat we agreed
last time that within that there was a
misunderstanding between that's cool so
I actually provide Richard a bullet
point of this is the first draft uncle
for the tutorial yep yeah okay once
Kazmir awesome list of the videos talk
about IP leave so one came back and
sadly we have some talks on eye candy
it's true do we have any existing ones
or is it just the ones from home I think
the 1i linked it's probably fine this is
that it is one hour what we want to do
maybe an action point is to talk but
this is like there should be an action
point and we can also link to particular
parts that video as needed if you want
we can also transcribe it and have the
transcription be on the website that's
like a blog post or something um or can
we put the blog for the transcription of
the video on the activist floor they'll
make it easier it's like an hour we had
an hour video on the IP avesta I our
website from looking very much for
contagious yeah we don't want movie but
for now we can put that one but in
general we want to find we want to
eventually record a video of 15 minutes
or salmon or background voice possibly
someone in a conference but if it
doesn't happen someone in a confidence
oh I'm just missing promises for a
building if not we should turn out
silencing it yeah
are you like are you actively doing that
Nicola it can you be the end you're
actively submitting I pld to conferences
where we could talk it um that that's
definitely something that we should be
doing I not I mean I'm submitting up
your league on academic conference yeah
it's not gonna be something that you
want to on the website so maybe I may be
a different thing could be if Nicola
takes the time to walk through briefly
like five or ten minutes on your laptop
recording the screen and I ok let's not
put this for fashion one yeah so this is
like bashing to let's get an issue for
bashing to saying like COD new videos or
do you make a milestone Victor for
version two vmail so we're gonna do this
quarter just so most yeah yeah I will be
there that I wanted to be not as life in
treatment like me on my laptop one this
to be like a drastic improvement no I
would just take talks and conferences
off if you only have that one video it's
not heard a useful I think hey although
i would put the video point poking ok
yeah I look through briefly the video
and like I am not sure it's a good
introduction for people like if they are
interested of just the idea a lead data
okay okay see we're saying yeah it
shouldn't just be for a PFS Annika okay
let's just remove the video for now yeah
yep like some examples of I clearly you
search there are some ideals well done
what is the oil can issue in 13 we just
need someone to actually like construct
the examples and decide which one we
actually want to show
we don't have a list of like 50
different examples like the most
valuable ones this is still gonna be
part of the tutorial I first yeah so I
can do agree with one I mean I'm some
Bitcoin activist etherion bitter but at
the same time I think I somebody's gonna
build each idiom tomorrow so we should
even give some like random person x
example I am I yeah sure I have some
ideas at somebody's like dressed like
often ticketed logs how to build your
own able to get that log in or how can
ya things of this kind build your own of
them to get log or ain't said that you
can have like some sort of we can show
an application why there is a blog post
and you read through a diff of this of
this log and you build up your blog post
so it's like how to how to do d flogs
yeah likewise a simpler version of it
kid yeah maybe you want to jump into the
traditional right on the ideas you have
so yeah I will I just have my laptop I
will yeah okay okay so I'm right three
tasks for to finish this we have to
figure out which ones we want to do we
have to agree or not Nicholas to jump in
and provide some guidance as well we
have to model them so I can just put
them on the website okay that's good
yeah cool this weekend I'm gonna do work
in that direction perfect um the first
its formation of the playground social
about the playground let's
just right then Nicole is gonna do these
drawings because the drawings that I'm
doing could actually be the playground
now that I think about who's in my
imagination I have these two boxes but
instead if these boxes can be written
then it's just a matter just a map or
validated already of validating on block
and and and creating some default paths
on the other side so i might maybe maybe
that that could be used as the
playground yeah i think so so you're
talking about the interactive demo on
the home page yeah yeah busy if the
interactive them on the home page is
also editable right then becomes a yeah
if they interact demo is editable then
it could become the playground okay
alright so maybe we should just close
the interactive com example yeah we have
to look we've to do that anyway right so
I'm gonna I'm gonna send the screenshot
and then we decide whether we want
something more complex than that or not
okay so we will write that you will you
can read that like as up as a task as a
yeah just gonna figure out how much he
would work sketches and ideas how work
ok I will sign into a swamp alright and
deploying set up continuous deployment
is depending a bunch of infrastructure
stop this one yeah and since the last
time we call I finish the contribute to
community section other than that I've
been working on infrastructure things as
well reports to prepare to be able to
proverb and also the fixing of this of
the HTTP s version
okay and that's it for the website I
think okay to is there its IPO d-shape I
build the milestone for you which one
ship ship IPO deed I was that like a
milestone for you for the squirt yeah
yeah um is there like a milestone in
this repo with all these different
issues can do it I do think using IP VIP
you yeah might be useful in our building
such websites just have like by
Professor I oh and then just link all
the issues to it so we can see how much
percentage work done uh yeah I have a my
stores set up in the website ok cool
yeah that's what I was asking where you
can trust this so we have this ok all
right let's a deadline and let's let's
try to work a long tiring and I am ready
to do anything just need your help with
the culture every girl a little boat
today but i'm saying what i'm saying is
that let's put a line through yeah yeah
so sometimes i don't know mid-december
say about the 14th or maybe maybe the
next friday 16 yeah two weeks two weeks
yeah i think so let's at least put it
there so today is my motivators yep why
I mean if you don't if we have the
feeling that this is not enough time
it's a shitty moist own because no of
course of course of course they would
make you talk to me okay did in time for
you to go through it Gabe yeah you
should let in two weeks I'm gonna be
done with writing all right look cool
nobody comes to actually finishing this
by in two weeks otherwise I will come to
you and I will hunt you down and I don't
will eat you okay I wouldn't call it
ship IPL did I you I would say be ready
with that Neil daddario is shipping okay
to be in season because then move left I
mean unless we want
miss youi then is not a possible that
line because I will have to go through
one and one is gonna give you feedback
then you have to iterate to find
feedback and so on and so on so so a
goal of this milestone is to have the
website deployed on IPL need at i/o and
France feel comfortable linking this for
the people exactly okay get you in two
weeks is still enough when you need to
move the downline yeah I win said what I
we do I to deadlines one is for is for
us internally and one is for externally
for example all the people in protocol
labs at all the beautiful photo labs are
going so what you can do you can create
an issue which is be done with control
of the time by the 15 or December and
then you put this issue of one week
after or we could just know that we're
hoping us three or openly get it done by
the section yeah interment me but then
shipping on online is gonna take at
least a week okay so we put a deadline
on the twenty-third yes we have in mind
that in two weeks to be able to ship
into 23rd we do just about everything
yes exactly can you then can you create
a like an issue or something or
something like that where we can like
okay we can all remember but if it get
for everyone it would be best open to
not be involved by like next week
because I've got my substance writing
and it should basically time with any
grunt work so i added to the milestone
itself you got to be able to hit our or
due dates or or deadlines we need to be
done with everything on 23rd of this
summer what's good yeah okay let's go oh
no oh that was the wrong day I fix it
okay all right
that's good yes that is its last
comments about the websites nope nope
nope okay so into we need finish
yeah ok ok cool yes two-headed dog brush
and get food before the next meeting
yeah all right take care guys